--Introduction--

The CREST QA Engineer Project 1 Test is designed to assess an engineer's
ability to write Selenium Scripts that test web application functionality.

Your goal is to complete the four test skeletons according to the directions
in the source code. You may use any Java-based IDE you wish to write your
tests. These tests focus on exercising some basic functionality of the GitHub
website (https://github.com).

Before writing your tests you will need to create an account on GitHub if you
do not already have one. Whether you create a new GitHub account for simply
running the tests or whether you use your own existing GitHub account, please
do not hard code your username or password into your source file when you are
ready to submit your project. Once you have finished your tests we will clone
your repository (so make sure its public) and examine your code. We don't
want to see your username and password in your source file :-). Once we have
looked at your solution we will then schedule a followup interview to go over
your code.

The tests that you will write are as follows.

1. You will write a test to see if a registered user can successfully log into
GitHub. Before trying this make sure you have a valid GitHub account to test
with (see above).

2. You will write a test to verify that an unregistered user cannot log into
GitHub. In your test look for a login failure message or some other suitable
indicator to verify that the unregistered user wasn't able to login.

3. You will write a test to verify that a registered user can successfully
create a new repository when that repository doesn't already exist on that
user's account. The new repository can be called whatever you wish.

4. You will write a test to verify that a registered user cannot create a new
repository when it has a name that is the same as an existing repository
already associated with the user's account.

Please do not use the Selenium IDE to help generate your tests.

--Setup--

To gain access to the project you must first have Git installed on your local
machine. If you do not yet have Git installed then you can git it (ha, ha)
here:

https://git-scm.com/

Once it has been downloaded and installed on your machine then you will want
to clone the crest-qa-engineer-project-1-test.git repository. One way to do
this from the command line is to use the following command:

git clone https://github.com/jeffmitchell/crest-qa-engineer-project-1-test.git
 crest-qa-engineer-project-1-test

This will copy the project to your local machine where you can then work on
your solution to the four tests.

The code is a Java project built using Maven. To get it running you must
first have Java installed on your machine. You can download the appropriate
version of Java from the following URL:

http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html

Once Java is installed you will need to install Maven. You can find directions
for installing Maven by going to http://maven.apache.org/. Once you have Maven
installed go to the root of the project and on the command line type:

mvn clean install

If all is setup correctly then Maven will automatically download and install
Selenium and its dependencies as well as the JUnit test framework. If you are
interested, you can see references to these libraries in the pom.xml included
at the root of the project.

This test also uses ChromeDriver to power a Chrome browser. You will therefore
need to download and install it on your system. You can download the
ChromeDriver from the following location:

https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/

Note that the easiest way to enable Selenium to find ChromeDriver is to place
ChromeDriver somewhere on your system's PATH.

As you work on your tests be sure to periodically push them to your GitHub
account (remember not to include your username and password). Once you are
satisfied with your solution then send us the URL to your repository and we
will clone and examine your code. We will then contact you to setup an
interview to go over your solution.

If you have any questions related to this project then please contact
Jeff Mitchell (jmitch@vt.edu).



